---
layout: post
title:  "Post #05-A new beginning"
author: "Akshay Nagar"
comments: true
tags: Personal
---

I woke up abruptly today. I find my glasses laying on the floor. I pickup my mobile, check the time , its 4 am. There are some missed calls and messages.
I remember now , I slept  early, way too early yesterday because of having an early trading session today.
Trading and profits. Tch Tch, I horrifyingly think of how materialistic I have become.

This was also because unlike most people I have had no interest in celebrating another round of earth around the sun. Majorly, as I reasoned to myself, because the previous 
year had not been very interesting or happy one to warrant another year's celebration.

However, as I scrolled past the various messages I had received, it brought for the first time, in a long time, a genuine smile to my face. 

The past year had been tough, I recalled gloomily, with invariably mounting work pressure, pressure to succeed and differet facets of life not to mention the obvious challenges of living in 2020. 

However despite all that I surmised I made new friends in the last year and had a lot of memories and fun moments over virtual media.Even though it lacked the charm of face to face interaction, the friendship itself was very real. 

Maybe 2020 wasn't so uninteresting after all.
A lot of people who would have ignored each other have become friends and some sort of bond has formed even though the reason may have been attraction,boredom or something else.
Even I developed a new hobby of writing this blog, rediscovered my passion for chess, read some new books and learnt trading.

Maybe I was wrong, there is reason to celebrate, not because in hope of having an exciting new year but to welcome the growth this year brings and also to welcome new relationships which each year has had invariably brought forward.

Maybe it is a Happy new year after all everyone!!

Until next time, 

Akshay

